obvous spellings errors

I definately love cats.
Kittens are the cuetest.
I especially like the mischievious ones.

Less obvious spelling errors

I got a letter form my girlfriend.
She said she wont ever stop loving me.
She makes me loose my mind.

Grammar and punctuation mistakes

The term paper had no typo's.
I don't understand it's point.
So the student and me had a talk after class.
I said it was well written, however the argument was confusing.
Reading it, the ideas just never came together.
Not only was the paper confusing but also late.

Questionable style choices

We didn't know what to do, so we took a "wait and see" approach.
This was the 11th time it had happened.
Commonly misused words

I made a concerted effort.
Choosing between the many options was quite a dilemma.
It's my favorite novel because it is full of beautiful verbiage.
We went to the bookstore and perused the shelves.

Commonly confused words

It is an ethnically homogenous country.
The politicians make it hard for anyone to affect change.
No one cares about the corral reefs.
I think I have a rouge antivirus program on my PC.
Yesterday's events were historical.

Redundancies

We have various different specialties.
You and I are equally as good at tennis.
The general consensus is that you're better.
The whole entire world is wrong.

Troublesome compounds

I refuse to cleanup after you.
We are already to go.
Your tardiness has become an every day thing.
New words, colloquialisms, and nonstandard variants

These sentences contain new words that some people might object to but which the Grammarist considers welcome or at least unobjectionable additions to the language.

Justin Verlander was the winningest pitcher.
He showed an uncommon sticktoitiveness.
It beggared belief.
Next week is a whole nother season.
They're having a sale on computer mouses.
Let's hope she can afford preventative care.

American English vs. British English

It had a noxious odor.
It had a noxious odour.
The home was burgled.
The home was burglarized.
I am not afraid of aging.
I am not afraid of ageing.

Grammar myths

We were given five days to leave by the landlord.
I have nothing to write with.
So I will not be taking notes.
The data is taken from many sources.
Who should I follow on Twitter?
